docs: update Seccomp Default from alpha to GA (#40856)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/security/security-checklist.md

[a default seccomp profile](https://docs.docker.com/engine/security/seccomp/)
to only allow a restricted set of syscalls since 2016 from
[Docker Engine 1.10](https://www.docker.com/blog/docker-engine-1-10-security/),

> but Kubernetes 1.27 defaults to not confining workloads with seccomp. This means that if a workload does not explicitly 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but Kubernetes v{{< skew currentVersion >}} defaults to _not_ confining workloads with seccomp.
This means that if a workload does not explicitly 
```

Reviewer 2: I don't agree to this suggestion.
IMHO, we should use explicit version numbers when something started or ended.
This behavior change started in v1.27, not v1.28 or v1.29.

When we say "Kubernetes v1.27 starts to support feature Foo, while deprecating feature Bar", this version number is not supposed to be changed when v1.28 is out.
Uses like me would like to know from the text if the changes have an impact on my cluster. If we use the `skew` shortcode, the text will become something like "Kubernetes v1.28 starts to support feature Foo, while deprecating feature Bar". That is confusing and incorrect.

Reviewer: It's problematic. “Kubernetes 1.27 defaults to not confining workloads with seccomp” doesn't capture what happens in Kubernetes 1.28 - we're leaving it to the reader to infer.

We can't write:
```markdown
Kubernetes versions 1.27 and later default to _not_ confining workloads with seccomp.
```
or
```markdown
Kubernetes versions starting at 1.27 default to _not_ confining workloads with seccomp.
```
because both of those accidentally a statement about the future - and they might be incorrect.

Perhaps the best we can do is to make sure that we revise this text each minor release, eg after the next release
```markdown
but Kubernetes 1.27 and 1.28 default to _not_ confining workloads with seccomp. This means that
if a workload does not explicitly 
```
---
For now, let's not change it. However @SaadOps, if you can think of wording you now prefer, please feel free to suggest that.

[Docker Engine 1.10](https://www.docker.com/blog/docker-engine-1-10-security/),
but Kubernetes is still not confining workloads by default. The default seccomp
profile can be found [in containerd](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/blob/main/contrib/seccomp/seccomp_default.go)

> as well. Fortunately, [Seccomp Default](/docs/tutorials/security/seccomp/) is now generally available (GA) in Kubernetes 1.27, and it can be enabled and tested to use a default seccomp profile for all workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as well. You can use [Seccomp profile defaulting](/docs/tutorials/security/seccomp/#enable-the-use-of-runtimedefault-as-the-default-seccomp-profile-for-all-workloads)
to define a seccomp profile to use if a workload doesn't specify one.
```

> but Kubernetes is still not confining workloads by default. The default seccomp
> profile can be found [in containerd](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/blob/main/contrib/seccomp/seccomp_default.go)
> as well. Fortunately, [Seccomp Default](/docs/tutorials/security/seccomp/) is now generally available (GA) in Kubernetes 1.27, and it can be enabled and tested to use a default seccomp profile for all workloads.

Reviewer: What do you think of this?
```suggestion
but Kubernetes {{< skew currentVersion >}} defaults to not confining workloads with seccomp.
Similarly, the containerd container runtime has a [mechanism](https://github.com/containerd/containerd/blob/54732fa9fb921b98f4fc5d96025307cc807f04d9/contrib/seccomp/seccomp_default.go)
for seccomp defaulting.

In Kubernetes, you can use [Seccomp profile defaulting](/docs/tutorials/security/seccomp/#enable-the-use-of-runtimedefault-as-the-default-seccomp-profile-for-all-workloads)
to define a seccomp profile to use if a workload doesn't specify one.
However, you need to turn that on. The mechanism to set a default seccomp profile
is only used if you enable it.
```

Author: 483995a1b536287c290e435b2297ad352b332bae

Reviewer: The mention of “Kubernetes 1.27” will end up looking dated. We prefer [timeless](https://developers.google.com/style/timeless-documentation) documentation.
